README.md, before:

# CS-5704: Software Engineering

### Course Description

TBD

### Objectives

TBD

### Course Info

* **Lectures:** Tu/Th 8:00-9:15am, McBryde 126
* **Instructor:** [Dr. Chris Brown](https://chbrown13.github.io) [dcbrown@vt.edu], *Office hours:* TBD
* **TA:** TBD, *Office hours:* TBD

## Schedule

➡️ _Please note this schedule is subject to change. All assignments listed are due on the Friday of the week they are posted unless otherwise specified._

| Date     | Topic                            |  Assignments       |
|----------|----------------------------------|------------------  |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 👨‍💻 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Software Engineering &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 👩‍💻 </th></tr> |
| Jan 18 | Introduction | HW0 |
| Jan 20 | Software Process | |
| Jan 25 | Software Process (2) | HW1 |
| Jan 27 | [Workshop] Engineering Basics | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 📝 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Requirements and Design &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🎨 </th></tr> |
| Feb 1  | Project Management | HW2 |
| Feb 3  | Software Design | |
| Feb 8  | Architecture | Project Group Formation |
| Feb 10 | Project Workday | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 🤖 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Implementation &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🖥️ </th></tr> |
| Feb 15 | [Discussion] Software Engineers | HW3 |
| Feb 17 | Code Metrics | |
| Feb 22 | Bots and Code Analysis | Project Proposal Docs |
| Feb 24 | Project Proposal Presentations | |
| Mar 1  | [Discussion] Debugging | HW4 |
| Mar 3  | [Discussion] Code Reviews | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 🌻 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Spring Break &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ☀️ </th></tr> |
| Mar 8  | SPRING BREAK | |
| Mar 10 | SPRING BREAK | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> ✔️ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Testing, Maintenance, and Deployment &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🚀  </th></tr>    |
| Mar 15 | Software Testing | HW5 |
| Mar 17 | Advanced Software Testing | |
| Mar 22 | Maintainability and Refactoring | HW6 |
| Mar 24 | Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment | |
| <tr><th colspan=3>💯 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Exam &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 💯</th></tr>
| Mar 29 | Exam Review | |
| Mar 31 | Midterm Exam | |
| Apr 5  | Project Workday | |
| <tr><th colspan=4> 🎤 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Industry Discussions &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 📢 </th></tr>
| Apr 7  | [Discussion] Software Engineering during COVID-19 | |
| Apr 12 | [Discussion] Productivity and Behavior | HW7 |
| Apr 14 | [Discussion] Teamwork and Collaboration | |
| Apr 19 | [Discussion] Technical Interviews | |
| Apr 21 | [Workshop] Technical Interviews | |
| Apr 26 | [Discussion] Stack Overflow | HW8 |
| Apr 28 | [Discussion] Security | |
| May 3  | [Discussion] Automated Software Engineering | Project Final Report |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 🏁 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Final Exam &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🎥 </th></tr> |
| May 6 | Project Demos | |

Commit message:

Drafted learning outcomes and course description

README.md, after:

# CS-5704: Software Engineering

### Course Description

Software engineering involves the development and maintainance of complex software systems. In this course, students will learn about phases of the software life cycle: requirements, design, implementation, testing, and maintenance. The students will also have an opportunity to work on a project supporting software development tasks, discuss state-of-the-art SE research, and gain the skills and knowledge necessary to succeed as a software engineer in industry. The course will consist of traditional lectures, practical workshops to gain exposure to SE tools and principles, and seminar-style discussions about advanced research topics in software engineering.

Please see the Course Syllabus for additional information about course logistics and policies.

### Learning Objectives

By the end of this course, students should be able to:

* Implement a software system following the software life cycle phases
* Develop software engineering skills working on a team project
* Identify processes related to phases of the software lifecycle
* Explain the differences between software engineering processes
* Discuss research questions and investigations related to software engineering

### Course Info

* **Lectures:** Tu/Th 8:00-9:15am, McBryde 126
* **Instructor:** [Dr. Chris Brown](https://chbrown13.github.io) [dcbrown@vt.edu], *Office hours:* TBD
* **TA:** TBD, *Office hours:* TBD

## Schedule

➡️ _Please note this schedule is subject to change. All assignments listed are due on the Friday of the week they are posted unless otherwise specified._

| Date     | Topic                            |  Assignments       |
|----------|----------------------------------|------------------  |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 👨‍💻 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Software Engineering &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 👩‍💻 </th></tr> |
| Jan 18 | Introduction | HW0 |
| Jan 20 | Software Process | |
| Jan 25 | Software Process (cont.) | HW1 |
| Jan 27 | [Workshop] Engineering Basics | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 📝 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Requirements and Design &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🎨 </th></tr> |
| Feb 1  | Project Management | HW2 |
| Feb 3  | Software Design | |
| Feb 8  | Architecture | Project Group Formation |
| Feb 10 | Project Workday | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 🤖 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Implementation &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🖥️ </th></tr> |
| Feb 15 | [Discussion] Software Engineers | HW3 |
| Feb 17 | Code Metrics | |
| Feb 22 | Development Tools | Project Proposal Docs |
| Feb 24 | Project Proposal Presentations | |
| Mar 1  | [Discussion] Debugging | HW4 |
| Mar 3  | [Discussion] Code Reviews | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 🌻 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Spring Break &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ☀️ </th></tr> |
| Mar 8  | SPRING BREAK | |
| Mar 10 | SPRING BREAK | |
| <tr><th colspan=3> ✔️ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Testing, Maintenance, and Deployment &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🚀  </th></tr>    |
| Mar 15 | Software Testing | HW5 |
| Mar 17 | Advanced Software Testing | |
| Mar 22 | Maintainability and Refactoring | HW6 |
| Mar 24 | Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment | |
| <tr><th colspan=3>💯 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Exam &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 💯</th></tr>
| Mar 29 | Exam Review | |
| Mar 31 | Midterm Exam | |
| Apr 5  | Project Workday | |
| <tr><th colspan=4> 🔍 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Special Topics in SE &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 👀 </th></tr>
| Apr 7  | [Discussion] Software Engineering during COVID-19 | |
| Apr 12 | [Discussion] Productivity and Behavior | HW7 |
| Apr 14 | [Discussion] Teamwork and Collaboration | |
| Apr 19 | [Discussion] Technical Interviews | |
| Apr 21 | [Workshop] Technical Interviews | |
| Apr 26 | [Discussion] Stack Overflow | HW8 |
| Apr 28 | [Discussion] Security | |
| May 3  | [Discussion] Automated Software Engineering | Project Final Report |
| <tr><th colspan=3> 🏁 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Final Exam &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🎥 </th></tr> |
| May 6 | Project Demos | |
